
Lucky Club Asia Privacy Policy

Lastest upate: June 01, 2023

Lucky Club Asia is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users and handling any personal date we obtain from our users with care and respect. An overall principle is that we do not collect more information than is reasonably necessary to provide you with the best user experience.

Lucky Club Asia (hereafter referred to as “SPIL”) may use affiliates’ or reputable third parties’ services for the processing of personal data collected on or through our mobile games (“Games”). By using our Games, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.

1. About this Privacy Policy:
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by Lucky Club Asia (“SPIL”) when you play one of our Games. This Privacy Policy is applicable where Lucky Club Asia acts as a data controller with respect to your data. This is the case where we determine the purposes and means of the data processing in our Games.

The Privacy Policy applies in addition to our terms of use and other policies. In the case of a contradiction between the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy will prevail.

2. What kind of information do we collect:
Lucky Club Asia collects certain information when you play our Games. This information relates to how you use our Games, including with which device, and may include information that you submit when creating an account with us or through your social network accounts such as Facebook. We may also collect information from ad network providers and other third parties such as payment service providers.

When you play our Games, we collect (among others) the following information:
Your device identifier and IP address;
How you play the Game (frequency, device, platform, level, etc.);
Information collected through various technologies;
When you choose to register with us for a better game experience and/or to create a profile, we collect information such as your username, email address, and any information you may choose to provide;

3. How do we use your information:
When you play the Game, we use the information that we have about you:

To provide you with the Game and associated websites, and continuously improve their features;
To provide help desk and support services;
To analyze the functioning of the Game and associated websites;
To present interest-based advertisements and to send you promotional messages by email or other communications;
To enable social network integration, especially with Facebook;
To prevent fraud and crime;


Your personal data will only be stored for a period necessary for your use of the Game for the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We will, for example, periodically delete unused game accounts and we regularly review and anonymize unnecessary data.

4.Change or deleting your informations:
You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in your profile page. If you completely delete all this information, your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record.

5. How to user may request that the data be deleted:
User can request for your personal information to be deleted by contacting us via our email: cs.teichangxinz.tongitswar@gmail.com

6. Which partners have access to your data:
Social networks:

The Game can be played and synchronized on multiple devices by using your Facebook account to log in. Facebook may provide certain information about you to us and we may use this information in order to show you advertisements. Facebook is a third party, so your activities on this social media platform are subject to their user and privacy policies, not ours. For more information on the sharing of your information with Facebook and their use of your personal data, please consult Facebook’s Data Policy at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
Lucky Club Asia may use partner network providers who assist us to distribute the Game in order to enable as many gamers as possible to play the Game.

Developers:
After the Game has been launched, it will be continuously monitored and improved to maintain and effectuate the best gaming experience for our gamers. Developers may therefore see and have access to your information, but they will only use this information for game optimization purposes. The legal basis for the processing of this data is contractual necessity.

Other:
We may supply information to other parties if we are required to do so by law or by a ruling from a court of law.

7. Your rights:
Your personal data may be stored by Lucky Club Asia and its business partners. In case the applicable data protection laws provide so, you have the right to access, rectify, and erase the personal data we hold about you and to restrict or object to our processing of your personal data. To the extent that the legal basis for the processing of your personal data is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.

If you wish to exercise these rights, you can do so by sending an email containing your request via our email.

You can, at any time, opt-out of marketing communication messages you receive from us by clicking the opt-out link in these messages.

In the event you have any questions or concerns in relation to the processing of your personal data, you can send an email to our Data Protection Officer via our email.

8. About Security:
Lucky Club Asia has implemented appropriate measures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to correctly use the information we collect in relation to the Game.

Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to your personal data, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained in the Games.

9. Miscellaneous:
We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy. Amendments will be effective from the moment of publication, so please check regularly to be sure you are familiar with the latest version.

In the event of a transfer of (one of our) Games to a third party, we may transfer to such third party all personal information that we collected about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In such an event, users who have provided email addresses to us will be notified when information about those users is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

If you have any additional questions or requests, you may send an email to our.

10. Contacting Us:
- If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails or there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below: cs.teichangxinz.tongitswar@gmail.com
